Create example dag for ECSOperator (#8452)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/operator/amazon/aws/ecs.rst

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. _howto/operator:ECSOperator:

ECS Operator
============

.. contents::
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Prerequisite Tasks
------------------

.. include:: _partials/prerequisite_tasks.rst

Using Operator
--------------

Use the
:class:`~airflow.providers.amazon.aws.operators.ecs.ECSOperator`
to run a task defined in AWS ECS.

In the following example,
the task "hello_world" runs ``hello-world`` task in ``c`` cluster.
It overrides the command in the ``hello-world-container`` container.

Before using ECSOperator, *cluster* and *task definition* need to be created.

.. exampleinclude:: ../../../../../airflow/providers/amazon/aws/example_dags/example_ecs_fargate.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_ecs]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_ecs]

More information
----------------

> For further information, look at the documentation of `run_task`_ method in `boto3`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information, look at the documentation of :meth:`~ECS.Client.run_task`_ .
```
It should work.
https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/docs/conf.py#L269

Author: it doesn't worked and ~~I could not figure it out~~ problem was underscore at the and, fixing
